[docs] Changed field names to uppercase in Flink create table SQL. (#625)
ververica/flink-cdc-connectors: docs/content/connectors/oracle-cdc.md

    schema_name STRING METADATA FROM 'schema_name' VIRTUAL, 
    table_name STRING METADATA  FROM 'table_name' VIRTUAL,
    operation_ts TIMESTAMP_LTZ(3) METADATA FROM 'op_ts' VIRTUAL,

>     id INT NOT NULL,

Reviewer: The metadata column name accepts both lowercase and uppercase, could we add a note for physical column that `The original oralce column name is uppercase by default.`

Author: Thanks @leonardBang , I will do it.

);
```

> Tips:
> 
> 1. Oracle is case-sensitive and by default it will convert field names to uppercase if they are not quoted. However, Flink SQL will not do it. So for physical columns, we have to exactly match the case as defined in Oracle. Otherwise, we will get null values.
> 2. For meta columns both uppercase and lowercase are supported.
> 

Reviewer: How about this ? ```suggestion
** Note ** : The Oracle dialect is case-sensitive, it converts field name to uppercase if the field name is not quoted, Flink SQL doesn't convert the field name. Thus for physical columns from oracle database, we should use its converted field name in Oracle when define an `oracle-cdc` table in Flink SQL. 
```

Author: Thanks. It looks good to me

Author: There should be a blank line before Chapter Features.
